Update ERC-7092: Move to Review (#19)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7092.md

    function maturityDate() external view returns(uint256);
    function principalOf(address _account) external view returns(uint256);
    function allowance(address _owner, address _spender) external view returns(uint256);

    // setter functions
    function approve(address _spender, uint256 _amount) external returns(bool);
    function decreaseAllowance(address _spender, uint256 _amount) external;
    function transfer(address _to, uint256 _amount, bytes calldata _data) external returns(bool);
    function transferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint256 _amount, bytes calldata _data) external returns(bool);

    // batch functions
    function batchApprove(address[] calldata _spender, uint256[] calldata _amount) external returns(bool);
    function batchDecreaseAllowance(address[] calldata _spender, uint256[] calldata _amount) external;
    function batchTransfer(address[] calldata _to, uint256[] calldata _amount, bytes[] calldata _data) external returns(bool);
    function batchTransferFrom(address[] calldata _from, address[] calldata _to, uint256[] calldata _amount, bytes[] calldata _data) external returns(bool);
}
```

### Additional bond parameters Interface

> Functions in the `IERC7092ESG` interface are OPTIONAL. This interface MAY be used to improve the standard usability.

Reviewer: This is a tad ambiguous. Is the whole interface optional, or are the individual functions within it optional? The former is fine, but the latter will mess up the ERC-165 interface id.

If the whole interface is optional, I'd recommend:

```suggestion
The `IERC7092ESG` interface is OPTIONAL for contracts implementing this proposal. This interface MAY be used to improve the standard usability.
```

On the other hand, if the individual functions are optional, you could move each one into its own interface.

- The `currencyOfCoupon` The currency used for coupon payment may be different from the currency used to repay the principal
- The `couponType` MAY be employed to signify the interest rate that the issuer has committed to paying to investors, which may take various forms such as zero coupon, fixed rate, floating rate, and more.
- The `couponFrequency` refers to how often the bond pays interest to its bondholders, and is typically expressed in terms of time periods, such as: Annual, Semi-Annual, Quarterly, or Monthly.
- The `dayCountBasis` is used to calculate the accrued interest on a bond between two coupon payment dates or other specific periods. Some of the day count basis are: Actual/Actual, 30/360, Actual/360, Actual/365, or 30/365

> A detailed description of the functions can be found [here](../assets/erc-7092/IERC7092Batch.sol)

Reviewer: The specification section should be understandable on its own, without having to refer to the reference implementation. Would you mind duplicating/moving the function descriptions here?

Author: > The specification section should be understandable on its own, without having to refer to the reference implementation. Would you mind duplicating/moving the function descriptions here?

Hello @SamWilsn,

All functions that manage the entire balance of an account have been removed for security purposes. Therefore the`transferferAll` function is not part of the standard anymore. This will be update when merging the PR to Review.

The use of traditional finance terminology, like `issueVolume` and `principalOf`, is aimed at maintaining consistency with traditional bond language, which eases the adaptation for traditional entities.

### Total Supply and Account Balance

The `totalSupply` and `balanceOf` functions are not defined as they can be derived from `issueVolume` and `principalOf`, and `denomination`. However, these functions can be be added in any contract implementing this standard, ensuring the proper relationship between these values.

```solidity
    function totalSupply() external view returns(uint256) {
        return issueVolume() / denomination();
    }

    function balance0f(account) external view returns(uint256) {
        return principal(account) / denomination();
    }
```

## Backwards Compatibility

> This ERC SHOULD NOT extend existing standards like [ERC-20](./erc-20.md) or [ERC-1155](./erc-1155.md) due to the absence of certain functions like `totalSupply` or `balanceOf`. A pure implementation of this standard is RECOMMENDED for issuing tokenized bonds, as any hybrid solution with other mentioned standards SHOULD fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ERC is not backwards compatible with existing standards like [ERC-20](./erc-20.md) or [ERC-1155](./erc-1155.md) due to the absence of certain functions like `totalSupply` or `balanceOf`. A pure implementation of this standard is RECOMMENDED for issuing tokenized bonds, as any hybrid solution with other mentioned standards SHOULD fail.
```

## Reference Implementation

The complete Reference Implementation can be found [here](../assets/erc-7092/ERC7092.sol).

> Bonds with embedded options like callable, puttable, or convertible bonds can be created by inheriting from the reference [ERC-7092](../assets/erc-7092/ERC7092.sol) that integrates the proposed interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bonds with embedded options like callable, puttable, or convertible bonds can be created by inheriting from the reference [`ERC7092.sol`](../assets/erc-7092/ERC7092.sol) that integrates the proposed interface.
```

---
eip: 7092
title: Financial Bonds
description: Represents debt issued by entities to investors.
author: Samuel Gwlanold Edoumou (@Edoumou)
discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/financial-bonds/14461
status: Review
type: Standards Track
category: ERC
created: 2023-05-28
---

## Abstract

This proposal introduces fixed-income financial bonds with key characteristics defined to facilitate bond issuance in the primary market and enable buying or selling bonds in the secondary market. The standard also provides cross-chain functionalities for bonds operations and management accross multiple blockchains.

## Motivation

> Fixed-income instruments are a widely utilized asset class for corporations and other entities raising funds. However, transitioning to tokenized bonds is challenging due to existing standards like [ERC-3475](./erc-3475.md), which introduces unfamiliar concepts and leads to unnecessary gas consumption. Additionally, the lack of named variables like coupon, maturity date, and principal, makes it difficult to implement ERC-3475 since developers need to remember which metadata is assigned to each parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed-income instruments are a widely utilized asset class for corporations and other entities raising funds. However, transitioning to tokenized bonds is challenging due to existing standards like [ERC-3475](./eip-3475.md), which introduces unfamiliar concepts and leads to unnecessary gas consumption. Additionally, the lack of named variables like coupon, maturity date, and principal, makes it difficult to implement ERC-3475 since developers need to remember which metadata is assigned to each parameter.
```

## Motivation

> Fixed-income instruments are a widely utilized asset class for corporations and other entities raising funds. However, transitioning to tokenized bonds is challenging due to existing standards like [ERC-3475](./eip-3475.md), which introduces unfamiliar concepts and leads to unnecessary gas consumption. Additionally, the lack of named variables like coupon, maturity date, and principal, makes it difficult to implement ERC-3475 since developers need to remember which metadata is assigned to each parameter.

Author: Hello @lightclient,

All folders and files have been renamed _erc-Number_ in the ERCs repository, therefore referencing with the path **_./eip-3475.md_** leads to an error, that's the case now. You should revert the change to **_./erc-3475.md_**.

Let me know if I am wrong.

    * @param _amount array of amount of bond tokens allowed by _owner to be spent by _spender
    * @param _destinationChainID array of unique IDs that identify the destination Chain
    */
    event CrossChainApprovalBatch(address _owner, address[] _spender, uint256[] _amount, bytes32[] _destinationChainID);
```

## Rationale

The design of this ERC aims to simplify the migration to tokenized bonds by maintaining consistency with traditional bond standards. This approach allows fixed-income instruments to be represented as on-chain tokens, manageable through wallets, and utilized by applications like decentralized exchanges, while avoiding the complexities and inefficiencies associated with other standards. This ERC facilitates the creation of new bond tokens with characteristics akin to traditional bonds, enhancing accessibility, liquidity, and cost-efficiency in bond trading and management.

The use of traditional finance terminology, like `issueVolume` and `principalOf`, is aimed at maintaining consistency with traditional bond language, which eases the adaptation for traditional entities.

### Total Supply and Account Balance

> The `totalSupply` and `balanceOf` functions are not defined as they can be derived from `issueVolume` and `principalOf`, and `denomination`. However, it's RECOMMENDED to define these functions in any contract implementing this standard, ensuring the proper relationship between these values.

Author: Thank you @SamWilsn .

Just fixed it.

- The `currencyOfCoupon` The currency used for coupon payment may be different from the currency used to repay the principal
- The `couponType` MAY be employed to signify the interest rate that the issuer has committed to paying to investors, which may take various forms such as zero coupon, fixed rate, floating rate, and more.
- The `couponFrequency` refers to how often the bond pays interest to its bondholders, and is typically expressed in terms of time periods, such as: Annual, Semi-Annual, Quarterly, or Monthly.
- The `dayCountBasis` is used to calculate the accrued interest on a bond between two coupon payment dates or other specific periods. Some of the day count basis are: Actual/Actual, 30/360, Actual/360, Actual/365, or 30/365

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: CC0-1.0
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

interface IERC7092ESG /** is ERC165 */ {
    /**
    * @notice Returns the number of decimals used by the bond. For example, if it returns `10`, it means that the token amount MUST be multiplied by 10000000000 to get the standard representation.
    */
    function decimals() external view returns(uint8);

    /**

>     * @notice Rreturns the coupon currency, which is represented by the contract address of the token used to pay coupons. It can be the same as the one used for the principal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * @notice Returns the coupon currency, which is represented by the contract address of the token used to pay coupons. It can be the same as the one used for the principal
```

}
```

### Identity Registry

> This standard is designed specifically for tokenizing bonds. It does not inherently manage information pertaining to bondholders' identities. However, to enhance compliance with regulatory requirements and improve transparency, it is strongly RECOMMENDED to implement an identity registry to store the identity addresses of all authorized investors.

Reviewer: Similarly, no requirements in reference implementation.

Author: > Similarly, no requirements in reference implementation.

Thank you @SamWilsn .

I just fixed it.
